Add tls support for kafka pubsub component (#1855)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-apache-kafka.md

| saslPassword        | N | The SASL password used for authentication. Can be `secretKeyRef` to use a [secret reference]({{< ref component-secrets.md >}}). Only required if `authRequired` is set to `"true"`. | `""`, `"KeFg23!"`
| initialOffset       | N | The initial offset to use if no offset was previously committed. Should be "newest" or "oldest". Defaults to "newest". | `"oldest"`
| maxMessageBytes     | N | The maximum size in bytes allowed for a single Kafka message. Defaults to 1024. | `2048`
| caCert | N | Certificate authority certificate, required for using TLS. Can be `secretKeyRef` to use a secret reference | `0123456789-0123456789`
| clientCert | N | Client certificate, required for using TLS. Can be `secretKeyRef` to use a secret reference | `0123456789-0123456789`

> | clientKey | N | Client key, required for using TLS. Can be `secretKeyRef` to use a secret reference | `012345`

Reviewer: It looks like this was based off the MQTT docs and the examples there are not particularly good. Can you update according to the refreshed description and examples in https://github.com/dapr/docs/pull/1911? 

Similarly, the wording from lines 59-62

Author: Done. Your example looks better!

> | skipVerify | N | Skip TLS verification, this is not recommended using in production. Defaults to `"false"` | `"true"`, `"false"` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| skipVerify | N | Skip TLS verification, this is not recommended for use in production. Defaults to `"false"` | `"true"`, `"false"` |
```

### Communication using TLS

> To configure communication using TLS, ensure kafka broker is configured to support certificates.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To configure communication using TLS, ensure the Kafka broker is configured to support certificates.
```

Author: Done.

Pre-requisite includes `certficate authority certificate`, `ca issued client certificate`, `client private key`.

> Here is an example.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Below is an example of a Kafka pubsub component configured to use TLS:
```

Author: Done.

```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: kafka-pubsub
  namespace: default
spec:
  type: pubsub.kafka
  version: v1
  metadata:
  - name: brokers # Required. Kafka broker connection setting
    value: "dapr-kafka.myapp.svc.cluster.local:9092"
  - name: consumerGroup # Optional. Used for input bindings.
    value: "group1"
  - name: clientID # Optional. Used as client tracing ID by Kafka brokers.
    value: "my-dapr-app-id"
  - name: authRequired # Required.
    value: "true"
  - name: saslUsername # Required if authRequired is `true`.
    value: "adminuser"
  - name: saslPassword # Required if authRequired is `true`.
    secretKeyRef:
      name: kafka-secrets
      key: saslPasswordSecret
  - name: maxMessageBytes # Optional.
    value: 1024

>   - name: caCert # Certificate authority certificate.

Reviewer: The example is useful, and I think it might be clearer if you also mentioned that the secret store used here is kubernetes, and maybe provide the yaml file(s) with the secret kind definitions (with the secret value stubbed out) ... it's useful see the whole template, particularly for folks who don't know what the cert/key string is supposed to look like, or how the `secretKeyRef` is looked up.

Author: Sorry, I haven't used Kubernetes secret component before. So I don't actually know how to define these secrets value in Kubernetes.  But I will add links to [Kubernetes secrets component specs](https://docs.dapr.io/reference/components-reference/supported-secret-stores/kubernetes-secret-store/) and [How-To: Reference secrets in components](https://docs.dapr.io/operations/components/component-secrets/).

apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: kafka-pubsub
  namespace: default
spec:
  type: pubsub.kafka
  version: v1
  metadata:
  - name: brokers # Required. Kafka broker connection setting
    value: "dapr-kafka.myapp.svc.cluster.local:9092"
  - name: consumerGroup # Optional. Used for input bindings.
    value: "group1"
  - name: clientID # Optional. Used as client tracing ID by Kafka brokers.
    value: "my-dapr-app-id"
  - name: authRequired # Required.
    value: "true"
  - name: saslUsername # Required if authRequired is `true`.
    value: "adminuser"
  - name: consumeRetryInterval # Optional.
    value: 200ms
  - name: saslPassword # Required if authRequired is `true`.
    secretKeyRef:
      name: kafka-secrets
      key: saslPasswordSecret
  - name: maxMessageBytes # Optional.
    value: 1024
  - name: caCert # Certificate authority certificate.
    secretKeyRef:
      name: kafka-tls
      key: caCert
  - name: clientCert # Client certificate.
    secretKeyRef:
      name: kafka-tls
      key: clientCert
  - name: clientKey # Client key.
    secretKeyRef:
      name: kafka-tls
      key: clientKey
auth:
  secretStore: <SECRET_STORE_NAME>
```

> The `secretKeyRef` above is using a secret store to access the tls information, if you don't know how to use secret store, you can read [secret store components]({{< ref setup-secret-store.md >}}) and [Kubernetes secrets store]({{< ref kubernetes-secret-store.md >}}) and [how to reference secrets in Dapr components]({{< ref component-secrets.md >}}) for more information.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `secretKeyRef` above is referencing  a [kubernetes secrets store]({{< ref kubernetes-secret-store.md >}}) to access the tls information. Visit [here]({{< ref setup-secret-store.md >}}) to learn more about how to configure a secret store component.
```

Reviewer 3: @Taction one minor suggestion and we should be good to wrap this PR up. Thank you for your contribution!

Author: done
